Readme and setup (#91)
tataratat/splinepy: README.md

# splinepy

> [![workflow](https://github.com/tataratat/splinepy/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tataratat/splinepy/actions)

Reviewer: Can this line be deleted? I consider this as internal

Author: this is deploy and full build status for, thought it's standard

Reviewer: its just a hyperlink. there is no nice image

Author: there was a mismatch in naming. it works now and now I am gonna rename the workflow real quick

2) Same build as in PyPI - full set of splines and optimized build
```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/tataratat/splinepy.git@main -vvv
```
`-vvv` is not necessary, but we suggest using it, since you can see the build progress. Full build (the second option) may take a while.

Of course, you can install directly from the source.
In addition to aforementioned compilers, this requires a cmake3.16+. If you don't have cmake, easiest way to install it would be: `pip install cmake`.
```bash
git clone git@github.com:tataratat/splinepy.git
cd splinepy
git submodule update --init --recursive
python3 setup.py install
```
For visualization and extended functionalities, please take a look at [gustaf](https://github.com/tataratat/gustaf)!

## Quick start
```python
import splinepy
import numpy as np

# Initialize bspline with any array-like input
bspline = splinepy.BSpline(
    degrees=[2, 1],
    knot_vectors=[
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 1.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0],
    ],
    control_points=[
        [0. , 0. ],
        [0.5, 0. ],
        [1. , 0. ],
        [0. , 1. ],
        [0.5, 1. ],
        [1. , 1. ],
    ],
)

# We always store control points in 2D arrays with

> # (total_control_points, physical_dimension) shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (total_number_of_control_points, physical_dimension) shape.
```

# They fill control grid by iterating lower-indexed dimensions first.

> # But if you are rather familiar with grid-like structure, this should hold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# But if you prefer the grid-like structure, this should hold
```

| composition_derivative() | Given an outer function `a`, an inner function `b` and its derivative `b'` with respect to some variable `s`, it returns the derivative with respect to the same variable `s` of the composition `a(b)` by applying the chain-rule |

### Multipatch
Splinepy offers a common interface for multipatch geometries, i.e., geometries consisting of multiple, individual splines of arbitrary types. This concept is both used for complex geometries as for Isogeometric Analysis. Multipatch objects have the following functionalities:
 - determine patch-interfaces automatically
 - identification of boundary faces
 - boundary assignement using different techniques, relying either on the boundary position or on the continuity inbetween patches
 - Boundary extraction

### IO
Available in `splinepy.io`.
| Formats | Description |
| ------- | ----------- |
| iges | Loads/Exports splines from an [IGES](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IGES) file |
| irit | [IRIT](https://www.cs.technion.ac.il/~irit/) compatible format |

> | json | Supports base64 encoding |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| json | (Custom) easy-to-read format, supports base64 encoding |
```
